Most people pick up a Rubik's cube, learn how to solve it and barely ever solve it again in this course.
I'll show you do the opposite and bring your solving skills to the next level.
You won't just be able to solve a cube.
You'll be able to do it.
And insane speed.
Once again, my name is Arnav, and welcome to my course.
I'm so happy you've chosen me to help you with your skills.
Firstly, isn't a course on how to solve a Rubik's cube.
As I said earlier, this is, of course, for those who already know how to solve a cube and want to
improve their method, time and efficiency.
In this course, I will teach you the advanced method known as KFAB.
I will then give you tips on how to further improve your time and become a speed silver.
Again, this is not for people who can barely solve the cube.
Let's start with the basics and recap everything you should have learned before.
The next section will be a recap of beginner's method that isn't very in-depth, but we'll let you remember
everything you should know.
I recommend completing a few lectures a day or one a day, as it is easy to forget something you learned
when learning the cube algorithms can be hard to memorize and should be regularly practiced until they
are muscle memory.
If you don't know any algorithms or don't know notation, you should go back and learn common cue notation
like are for right.
Some beginner.
You guys do not teach algorithms.
You must know notation in order to learn the content in this course.
So I have left a link to a site down below where you can reference notation at any time in case you
didn't.